porsche made a lot of ink with his panamera indeed who could have
believe that the German firm was going to market a real sports
family vocation
the Porsche Panamera therefore has a broad and broad character
huge rims or stealth aircraft profits testifies
here the style of the house forcel which is greatly conserve
apart from the v6 offered at the entry level, there are two versions of the v8
here a test version of 400 horses or for the more curious a turbo version
developing no less than 500 horses
but let's go back to our modest panamera 4s
the latter offers more than adequate performance
0 to 100 km
such a top speed they were 180 km
side behavior the panamera simply bluffing for the title that
shows a weight therefore the porsche is still 1770 kilos and yet
his agility on winding road leaves him speechless
moreover the all-wheel drive provides additional security
on Youtube
on board we find a handset mixing luxury and sportiness
most of the furniture covered with leather just like the one from elsewhere
the catalog of options been done
but there is no miracle even equipped with a recoil radar seats
heated or standard automatic air conditioning
in the back of luck to be part of the trip
these are well stalled the profits of a space a little too confined
the chest is easily accessible thanks to a still alive opening
well
egypt
tariffs start at 77 1350 euros the camera equipped with a simple decisive
and up to 136 1917 euros for the v8 turbo version
our panamera 18 34 aces and billed 100 3147 euros